you BK entertainment yeah how's it going
everybody uvk here I'm using my phone to
record this video um just to try to show
you something um in this video I'm going
to be showing you how to be using your
turtlebeach xl1 for the Xbox 360
I think ps3 I'm not sure that's any much
different sorry I don't know they do for
ps3 but I'm gonna show you how to use it
for your computer or your laptop which
I'm using um yeah the in a second bye
alright guys so let me just show you
what is going on here this is a
clusterfuck of fucking wires connected
to my laptop my poor baby
anyways so let me explain what
everything is this USB is a USB port
that connects that it turns on the XL
one that's why the light is green right
now alright
oh well green cuz the mic is on but it's
also because it's powered on people say
that you can use the USB port as the
microphone but no it does not work they
are liars they are bitches they can go
burn it out Shmi off anyways so that's
the USB port this middle one right here
is a red white and yellow composite
cable I'm pretty sure you can just find
a red in red and white one this is one I
found at home so I don't know where you
can get em pretty sure you can find a
you know Best Buy Walmart whatever your
electronics store is so what you're
going to do is you're gonna connect the
white the red and whites of your turtle
beach's to these I had a um an adapter
but uh it turns out that I didn't really
need to use one because I forgot that
the back of the turtle beach's already
have a little hole for it to go through
so this is not necessary you could just
connect it like this and it will work
I'm putting this one in the yellow one
because for some fucking reason the
white one doesn't work but the yellow
one works which is really retarded but
whatever it's still free so that's that
now the final cable you are going to
need this one you have to buy this is
gonna have to buy and then this little
thing doohickey thing you're gonna have
to buy this little let me take off
there you go this little doohickey thing
is a 2.5 millimeter to a 3.5 millimeter
3.5 is the you know the the norm for
what the thing is for this little hole
right here for your audio thingy I don't
know what to call it guys and I'm very
sorry let me attach it again sorry give
me a sec so as you can see it perfectly
fits just fine in there now what you're
also going to do is you're gonna get the
chat cable on your xbox 360 wire and
attach it to here let me click attached
huh oh my god
ha it's attached okay sorry and then
what you're gonna do with this cable
this is the most important guys please
please don't mess this up this is
something that it's like life or death
thing you have one shot to do it let me
get everything set up cuz this is
actually the most hardest part give me a
second and I'll show you right now
alright guys alright I'm doing right now
alright fuck alright you're watching
watching watching oh you're done yeah
that is yeah and actually yeah guys that
is how you're gonna use your Excel ones
um for your laptop now once everything
is all connected do be sure that your
mic got your microphone thing is on the
chat is on the volume is up and then
what you're going to do is you're going
to go to your control panel
I know this is very nasty but you guys
just see it you're going to go through
your control panel and then put in
microphone in the search panel and then
set up microphone you're going to click
it and then you're going to basically do
whatever the hell yours is to do to set
up your microphone and then there you go
your going to be able to use your
headsets as headset and your microphone
is microphone and you're done
thank you so much for watching guys I
hope you enjoyed and have a good day
goodbye so actually something I did
forgot to mention you is that even
though my laptop has two different ports
these two ports are separate one is from
microphone specifically and one is for
audio specifically so do be sure to try
to get in the right order
or else in
not sound correctly like for example the
first time I tried it I put the
microphone in the audio and the audio in
the microphone the audio for the
microphone was bad and then the
microphone did not work but that
shouldn't be much of a problem is very
easy to solve so thanks so much for
watching guys if you hope you enjoyed
the video and please have a wonderful
day bye I love you not that much we're
not in a serious lesion but